\input texinfo
@c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename guile-thinker.info
@documentencoding UTF-8
@settitle Guile Thinker Reference Manual
@c %**end of header

@include version.texi

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2026 Hao Zhang

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A
copy of the license is included in the section entitled ``GNU Free
Documentation License''.
@end copying

@dircategory The Algorithmic Language Scheme
@direntry
* Guile Thinker: (guile-thinker).   
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title The Guile Thinker Manual
@author Hao Zhang

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
Edition @value{EDITION} @*
@value{UPDATED} @*

@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents

@c *********************************************************************
@node Top
@top Guile Thinker

This document describes Guile Thinker version @value{VERSION}.

@menu
* Introduction:: 介绍
* Operation:: 操作
@end menu

@c *********************************************************************
@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

Guile Thinker是一个简单的逻辑推断工具。
它使用模型检验算法（model-checking algorithm），
实现了命题式逻辑（propositional logic）的推理。
此外它还使用了Guile的future库进行并行优化。

Guile Thinker主要是作为一个命令行程序使用，
为此我们实现了一个简易的REPL（read-eval-print loop）。
但你也可以使用它所包含的库。

@c *********************************************************************
@node Operation
@chapter Operation

(save <path>)
(load <path>)
(load-script <path>)
(exit)
(commands)
(add <form>)
(remove <index>)
(list)
(list-prims)
(list-conns)
(entails? <form>)
(clear)

@bye
